README.md, before:

# ModularQA
ModularQA is a QA system that answers complex multi-hop and discrete reasoning questions by decomposing them into sub-questions answerable by two sub-models: a neural factoid single-span QA model and a symbolic calculator. These sub-questions and answers provided by the sub-model provide a natural language explanation of the
model’s reasoning. This system is designed and trained based on the Text Modular Networks framework where the decompositions are generated in the language of the sub-models without needing annotated decompositions. For more details, refer to the [paper](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/0e1d82d24d58433ce9e211551605a0bfd296624f).



## Paper
```
Text Modular Networks: Learning to Decompose Tasks in the Language of Existing Models
Tushar Khot, Daniel Khashabi, Kyle Richardson, Peter Clark, Ashish Sabharwal
NAACL 2021
```
Bibtex:
```
@inproceedings{WhatsMissing19,
  title={Text Modular Networks: Learning to Decompose Tasks in the Language of Existing Models},
  author={Tushar Khot, Daniel Khashabi, Kyle Richardson, Peter Clark, Ashish Sabharwal},
  booktitle={NAACL},
  year={2021}
}
```


## Demo
[https://modularqa-demo.apps.allenai.org/](https://modularqa-demo.apps.allenai.org/)

Note that responses might be slow

## Data
We used the following subsets of HotpotQA and DROP to train and evaluate our models
 * [HotpotQA](https://ai2-public-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/modularqa/hotpot_subset.zip)
 * [DROP](https://ai2-public-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/modularqa/drop_subset.zip)
 * [DROP Evaluation Partitions](https://ai2-public-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/modularqa/drop_partitions.zip)


[NextGen Training Data](https://ai2-public-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/modularqa/modularqa_nextgen_train.zip):
The decomposition chains generated from these DROP+HotpotQA subsets. These chains were used to train the NextGen model.


## Models
To be updated soon

## Code
To be updated soon

Commit message:

Add links to models and code

README.md, after:

# ModularQA
ModularQA is a QA system that answers complex multi-hop and discrete reasoning questions by decomposing them into sub-questions answerable by two sub-models: a neural factoid single-span QA model and a symbolic calculator. These sub-questions and answers provided by the sub-model provide a natural language explanation of the
model’s reasoning. This system is designed and trained based on the Text Modular Networks framework where the decompositions are generated in the language of the sub-models without needing annotated decompositions. For more details, refer to the [paper](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/0e1d82d24d58433ce9e211551605a0bfd296624f).



## Paper
```
Text Modular Networks: Learning to Decompose Tasks in the Language of Existing Models
Tushar Khot, Daniel Khashabi, Kyle Richardson, Peter Clark, Ashish Sabharwal
NAACL 2021
```
Bibtex:
```
@inproceedings{WhatsMissing19,
  title={Text Modular Networks: Learning to Decompose Tasks in the Language of Existing Models},
  author={Tushar Khot, Daniel Khashabi, Kyle Richardson, Peter Clark, Ashish Sabharwal},
  booktitle={NAACL},
  year={2021}
}
```


## Demo
[https://modularqa-demo.apps.allenai.org/](https://modularqa-demo.apps.allenai.org/)

Note that responses might be slow

## Data
We used the following subsets of HotpotQA and DROP to train and evaluate our models
 * [HotpotQA](https://ai2-public-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/modularqa/hotpot_subset.zip)
 * [DROP](https://ai2-public-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/modularqa/drop_subset.zip)
 * [DROP Evaluation Partitions](https://ai2-public-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/modularqa/drop_partitions.zip)


[NextGen Training Data](https://ai2-public-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/modularqa/modularqa_nextgen_train.zip):
The decomposition chains generated from these DROP+HotpotQA subsets. These chains were used to train the NextGen model.

[Chains Scorer Training Data](https://ai2-public-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/modularqa/chains_scorer_training.zip):
The chains generated by running inference using our NextGen model with associated labels: 1 indicates the final answer produced by this chain is correct (F1>0.2) and 0 indicates incorrect.

## Models
We also provide the trained models used in our system.

[NextGen Model](https://ai2-public-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/modularqa/nextgen_model.zip):
A BART-Large model trained to produce the next sub-question given the complex question and previous question-answer pairs. Sample input-output:
```
  Input:
    QC: When did the magazine Wallace Hester work for run? QI: (squad) What magazine did Hester work for? A: "Vanity Fair". QS:

  Output:
    (squad) When did the second Vanity Fair run?
```

[Chains Scorer Model](https://ai2-public-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/modularqa/chains_scorer.zip):
A RoBERTa-Large model trained to predict whether the final answer produced by an inference chain is correct (captured by the score for the label 1). Sample input:
```
   QC: How many percent of jobs were not in wholesale? QI: (squad)What percent of jobs are in wholesale? A: 12.4 QI: (math)not(12.4) A: 87.6 QS: [EOQ]
```




## Code
We use a fork of the [HuggingFace Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) codebase: [https://github.com/tusharkhot/transformers/tree/modularqav2](https://github.com/tusharkhot/transformers/tree/modularqav2). This is based on an older version of the Transformers codebase.
